# 017. Stay wove, everyone

_February 22, 2020_  
_Day 7_

## Recap

Before bedding down for the night, Flick pressed Isabella and Lupenna on the true purpose of their plan to disguise Isabella as Lupenna while the latter skipped from plane to plane to catch Tantegorisch. They demurred slightly when considering the arrangement in retrospect, but Isabella remained convinced that she couldn't have tended the castle in her true form without causing terror amongst the townsfolk. Flick retired rather than adumbrate a detailed genealogy with her godmother and half-aunt, and the gang awoke the next morning to delicious stacked pancakes and an invitation to assist Isabella with research into Boggshosh, the elder god. Drav and Paros, delighted by the offer, perused old tomes with Carlos at the ready in case of overexertion. Drav, ever in command of her faculties, discovered texts on the ancient rituals of Boggshuosh cultists and a loose leaf from a memoir concerning Sirmgalv, a quasi-mythological world-tree. Paros, lost in contemplation, was Veenock'ed around and put in mind of a primeval rivalry between the evil spirit and the demon Nundocamar; he was further tasked with the recovery of an onyx ring with great psionic powers.

Flick and Joan, meanwhile, took advantage of the crisp fall air and trekked to the North Tower, which they discovered to be more of a waystation for happenstansical travelers. Flick immediately ransacked the workshed and pilfered a pair of sealskin gloves and an unexpectedly strong rope woven out of fizzlecyst silk. Joan, convinced the tower housed eggs in need of protection, attempted to open the door from the downside up, and in so doing alerted the resident, Hale Clotwool, who introduced herself as a herder. Greeted also by the music inside (_Straight out the butte: never gonna' plateau_, by The Young Fustics), the smells of a rich second breakfast, and the inquisitive head of a laid-up turr named Orbell Daedonbashur, Joan and Flick assisted in repairing the door and casing the joint. Flick's heightened conusance of portalian japery, however, shattered the placid free-for-all and brought her face to face with an avatar of Juniper Three School; together they inferred that the reddish-gold ingots were somehow altering the planar coherence around Egg Three School.

By early afternoon everyone had reconvened at Castle Karn, just in time to witness an efflorescent belch of petals aflame exploding from Tobolux's berninde. It took Paros's increasingly worrisome familiarity with Veenock to make an assay at the truth: demonic BaphOMO got sloppy attempting to influence the current cosmological detente on Thuslubber[^thuslubber] and killed some 'weak and tasty' _bloemenwet_. Domonkos and Lupenna, unbothered by the general goings-on, began to draft up the details for an immortal castle timeshare, and the group headed towards _An Sráidbhaile_. It quickly became necessary to implement 'ghost fog protocol,' involving, in part, mental exercises to prevent subconscious resentment of people considered mediocre; but, even perceptive Flick was taken unawares upon stumbling into Grenlich's immor. As Joan rushed forward to embrace the future of humanoid-manity, the other adventurers did what they could to injure the poor unfortunate gnoll, in pain, in need.

## Début

[^thuslubber]: The isthmus which encloses Snaff Bay west of Marshbout.
